Bring in CLA Lite (#1439)
getsentry/self-hosted: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- Describe your PR here. -->

<!--

  The following applies to third-party contributors.
  Sentry employees and contractors can delete or ignore.

-->

----

> By submitting this pull request, I confirm that Sentry can use, modify, copy, and redistribute this contribution, under Sentry's choice of terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By submitting this pull request, I acknowledge that I love Sentry by letting them use, modify, copy, and redistribute my organic and artisanal code that does not violate anyone else's rights without any limitations. I also acknowledge that this is some boring legalese but my love of Sentry trumps anything.
```

Reviewer: @chadwhitacre 
>Still need to give the verbiage that Sentry flair tho ... ;)

How about something like this? :)

Reviewer 2: loving @BYK 's input here
